### Past Research Projects

All good things must come to and end, and to start something new we have
to stop something old, and so on and so forth. Below is a list of past
research projects that I have worked but are no longer active, or at
least the activity is now irregular and unpredictable.

[Lux](https://github.com/LuxGraph/Lux) is a system for high performance
distributed graph processing, is now available. Lux is built on top of
[Legion](http://legion.stanford.edu).

[STOKE](http://stoke.stanford.edu) is a stochastic optimizer and
associated verification techniques for X86 binaries.

DeduceIt is a system for checking student derivations in on-line
courses; the idea is to provide a richer and more interactive electronic
homework than multiple choice questions for problems that can be
formulated as derivations in some formal system. A number of things are
available:

- A [demo video](videos/DeduceIt.mp4) if you just want to get an idea of
  how it works.
- The live [DeduceIt system](http://deduceit.stanford.edu) (which is
  currently broken, sorry!), where you can try a number of different
  kinds of exercises developed for the undergraduate compiler course I
  teach.
- Open source repositories for the [web
  front-end](https://github.com/Ejhfast/ProofFrontend) and the [theorem
  prover back-end](https://github.com/Ejhfast/Proof-Search) if you want
  to hack on the system yourself.

[Sequoia](http://sequoia.stanford.edu): Programming Hierarchical Memory
Machines

[Saturn](http://saturn.stanford.edu): a SAT-based tool for static error
detection.

- There is a [Saturn
  release](http://saturn.stanford.edu/pages/downloadindex.html)
  available for download.

[Chord](http://theory.stanford.edu/~mhn/chord.html): Effective Static
Race Detection.

[Cooperative Bug Isolation](http://www.cs.wisc.edu/cbi/)

- [CBI Talk](talks/cbi.pdf)

[CQual](http://www.cs.umd.edu/~jfoster/cqual/): Adding specifications to
programs with programmer-defined type qualifiers.

[Banshee](http://banshee.sourceforge.net), daughter of
[BANE](http://web.archive.org/web/20020802022005/http://http.cs.berkeley.edu/Research/Aiken/bane.html#1),
the *Berkeley ANalysis Engine* for constructing constraint-based program
analyses.

CAP: Search millions of lines of open source for your code.

[Open Source Quality Project](http://http.cs.berkeley.edu/~weimer/osq):
Applying technology to software engineering problems.

[Titanium](http://http.cs.berkeley.edu/projects/titanium): Compiler
support for explicit parallel programming.

[Cool](software/cool/cool.md): A
freely available course project for teaching compilers to
undergraduates.

[Moss](http://cs.stanford.edu/~aiken/moss/): A Measure of Software
Similarity, useful for detecting plagiarism in programming assignments.
